updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16719)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/partial-trust-feature-compatibility.md

 WCF service host does not support partial trust. If you want to use a WCF service in partial trust, do not use the WCF Service Library Project template in Visual Studio to build your service. Instead, create a new Web site in Visual Studio by choosing the WCF service Web site template, which can host the service in a Web server on which WCF partial trust is supported.  
  
## Other Limitations  

>  WCF is generally limited to the security considerations imposed upon it by the hosting application. For example, if WCF is hosted in a XAML Browser Application (XBAP), it is subject to XBAP limitations, as described in [Windows Presentation Foundation Partial Trust Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wpf/wpf-partial-trust-security).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  WCF is generally limited to the security considerations imposed upon it by the hosting application. For example, if WCF is hosted in a XAML Browser Application (XBAP), it is subject to XBAP limitations, as described in [Windows Presentation Foundation Partial Trust Security](../../wpf/wpf-partial-trust-security.md).  
```
